Yalong Yuan
Trespassing at Villa No. 1 on Nine Weeks and still making trouble here
You're dead today.
Who said my family Longyuan is good at it?
Could it be that my Longyuan
Can't it be someone summoned by the Lord of God?
Hum Tan Miaoyin
Do you know what you're talking about?
How could the Dragon Lord wake him up, this trash?
If the Lord God wants to see Ye Longyuan, this useless firewood
No money at all
Let someone catch it directly and try it for you.
What if I said
My Longyuan is from Tianmen
Hahaha
Tianmen Zhongzhong is nice
Then tell me
What position does he hold at Tianmen?
Is there a problem with the squad leader?
Hahahaha
Captain, you have the nerve to say
But I see him like this
Not even a squad leader
I am the flaming god of Kunlun store
To be honest, I've never heard of anyone named Ye in Tianmen
Captain of Longyuan
There is no such person as Ye Longyuan in Tianmen at all
Just a god of war
Things that can't be on the table
How many people do you know?
What a big breath
He is the god of fire
It's not something you can compare to
I am the Lord God of Tianmen
Just a god of war
What are you?
Cooperate with me and look in the mirror
Just like you
You still dare to call yourself a god
I really regret not divorcing you sooner
God is the spiritual belief of all of us in Tianmen
You insult the Lord God
You must die tonight
Stop it